# Program
Status: ðŸŸ¢
Assertions: 8

```rustleaf
// Test modulo operator
assert(7 % 3 == 1);
assert(8 % 4 == 0);
assert(7.5 % 2.5 == 0.0);
assert(7 % 2.0 == 1.0);

// Test power operator
assert(2 ** 3 == 8);
assert(2 ** 0 == 1);
assert(3.0 ** 2.0 == 9.0);
assert(2 ** 3.0 == 8.0);
```

# Output
```
parse_program: starting
parse_program: parsing statement at position 0 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 0 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 0 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 2 (Int(7))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 9 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 9 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 9 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 11 (Int(8))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 18 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 18 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 18 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 20 (Float(7.5))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 27 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 27 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 27 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 29 (Int(7))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 36 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 36 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 36 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 38 (Int(2))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 45 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 45 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 45 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 47 (Int(2))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 54 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 54 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 54 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 56 (Float(3.0))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 63 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 63 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 63 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 65 (Int(2))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsed 8 statements
```

# Result
```rust
Ok(
    Unit,
)
```

# Lex
```rust
Ok(
    [
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "7"),
        Token(Percent),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "1"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "8"),
        Token(Percent),
        Token(Int, "4"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "0"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Float, "7.5"),
        Token(Percent),
        Token(Float, "2.5"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Float, "0.0"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "7"),
        Token(Percent),
        Token(Float, "2.0"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Float, "1.0"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "2"),
        Token(StarStar),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "8"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "2"),
        Token(StarStar),
        Token(Int, "0"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "1"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Float, "3.0"),
        Token(StarStar),
        Token(Float, "2.0"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Float, "9.0"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "2"),
        Token(StarStar),
        Token(Float, "3.0"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Float, "8.0"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Eof),
    ],
)
```

# Parse
```rust
Ok(
    Program(
        [
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Mod(
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        7,
                                    ),
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        3,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    1,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Mod(
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        8,
                                    ),
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        4,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    0,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Mod(
                                Literal(
                                    Float(
                                        7.5,
                                    ),
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Float(
                                        2.5,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Float(
                                    0.0,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Mod(
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        7,
                                    ),
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Float(
                                        2.0,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Float(
                                    1.0,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Pow(
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        2,
                                    ),
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        3,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    8,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Pow(
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        2,
                                    ),
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        0,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    1,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Pow(
                                Literal(
                                    Float(
                                        3.0,
                                    ),
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Float(
                                        2.0,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Float(
                                    9.0,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Pow(
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        2,
                                    ),
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Float(
                                        3.0,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Float(
                                    8.0,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
        ],
    ),
)
```

# Eval
```rust
Ok(
    RustValue(
        EvalProgram {
            statements: [
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                                    value: Int(
                                                                        7,
                                                                    ),
                                                                },
                                                            ),
                                                            attr_name: "op_mod",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    3,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    1,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                                    value: Int(
                                                                        8,
                                                                    ),
                                                                },
                                                            ),
                                                            attr_name: "op_mod",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    4,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    0,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                                    value: Float(
                                                                        7.5,
                                                                    ),
                                                                },
                                                            ),
                                                            attr_name: "op_mod",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Float(
                                                                    2.5,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Float(
                                                    0.0,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                                    value: Int(
                                                                        7,
                                                                    ),
                                                                },
                                                            ),
                                                            attr_name: "op_mod",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Float(
                                                                    2.0,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Float(
                                                    1.0,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                                    value: Int(
                                                                        2,
                                                                    ),
                                                                },
                                                            ),
                                                            attr_name: "op_pow",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    3,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    8,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                                    value: Int(
                                                                        2,
                                                                    ),
                                                                },
                                                            ),
                                                            attr_name: "op_pow",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    0,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    1,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                                    value: Float(
                                                                        3.0,
                                                                    ),
                                                                },
                                                            ),
                                                            attr_name: "op_pow",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Float(
                                                                    2.0,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Float(
                                                    9.0,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                                    value: Int(
                                                                        2,
                                                                    ),
                                                                },
                                                            ),
                                                            attr_name: "op_pow",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Float(
                                                                    3.0,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Float(
                                                    8.0,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
            ],
        },
    ),
)
```