# Program
Status: ğŸŸ¢
Assertions: 10

```rustleaf
// Basic comparison tests
assert(3 == 3);
assert(3 != 4);
assert(3 < 4);
assert(4 > 3);
assert(3 <= 3);
assert(3 >= 3);

// Mixed numeric comparisons
assert(3 == 3.0);
assert(3.5 > 3);

// String comparisons
assert("a" < "b");
assert("hello" == "hello");
```

# Output
```
parse_program: starting
parse_program: parsing statement at position 0 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 0 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 0 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 2 (Int(3))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 7 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 7 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 7 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 9 (Int(3))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 14 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 14 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 14 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 16 (Int(3))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 21 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 21 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 21 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 23 (Int(4))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 28 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 28 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 28 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 30 (Int(3))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 35 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 35 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 35 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 37 (Int(3))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 42 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 42 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 42 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 44 (Int(3))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 49 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 49 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 49 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 51 (Float(3.5))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 56 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 56 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 56 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 58 (String(a))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 63 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 63 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 63 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 65 (String(hello))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsed 10 statements
```

# Result
```rust
Ok(
    Unit,
)
```

# Lex
```rust
Ok(
    [
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(BangEqual),
        Token(Int, "4"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(Less),
        Token(Int, "4"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "4"),
        Token(Greater),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(LessEqual),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(GreaterEqual),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Float, "3.0"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Float, "3.5"),
        Token(Greater),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(String, "a"),
        Token(Less),
        Token(String, "b"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(String, "hello"),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(String, "hello"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Eof),
    ],
)
```

# Parse
```rust
Ok(
    Program(
        [
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Ne(
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    4,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Lt(
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    4,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Gt(
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    4,
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Le(
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Ge(
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Float(
                                    3.0,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Gt(
                            Literal(
                                Float(
                                    3.5,
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Lt(
                            Literal(
                                String(
                                    "a",
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                String(
                                    "b",
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            Literal(
                                String(
                                    "hello",
                                ),
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                String(
                                    "hello",
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
        ],
    ),
)
```

# Eval
```rust
Ok(
    RustValue(
        EvalProgram {
            statements: [
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: Int(
                                                        3,
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    3,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: Int(
                                                        3,
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_ne",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    4,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: Int(
                                                        3,
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_lt",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    4,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: Int(
                                                        4,
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_gt",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    3,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: Int(
                                                        3,
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_le",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    3,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: Int(
                                                        3,
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_ge",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    3,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: Int(
                                                        3,
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Float(
                                                    3.0,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: Float(
                                                        3.5,
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_gt",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    3,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: String(
                                                        "a",
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_lt",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: String(
                                                    "b",
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalLiteral {
                                                    value: String(
                                                        "hello",
                                                    ),
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: String(
                                                    "hello",
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
            ],
        },
    ),
)
```