# Program
Status: ðŸŸ¢
Assertions: 4

```rustleaf
var increment = |x| x + 1;
var double = |y| y * 2;
var add_ten = |z| z + 10;

assert(increment(5) == 6);
assert(double(7) == 14);  
assert(add_ten(15) == 25);
assert(increment(0) == 1);
```

# Output
```
parse_program: starting
parse_program: parsing statement at position 0 (Var)
parse_statement: starting at position 0 (Var)
parse_expression: starting at position 3 (Pipe)
parse_primary: success - parsing lambda expression
parse_expression: starting at position 6 (Ident(x))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (x)
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_statement: success - parsed var declaration
parse_program: parsing statement at position 10 (Var)
parse_statement: starting at position 10 (Var)
parse_expression: starting at position 13 (Pipe)
parse_primary: success - parsing lambda expression
parse_expression: starting at position 16 (Ident(y))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (y)
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_statement: success - parsed var declaration
parse_program: parsing statement at position 20 (Var)
parse_statement: starting at position 20 (Var)
parse_expression: starting at position 23 (Pipe)
parse_primary: success - parsing lambda expression
parse_expression: starting at position 26 (Ident(z))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (z)
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_statement: success - parsed var declaration
parse_program: parsing statement at position 30 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 30 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 30 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 32 (Ident(increment))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (increment)
parse_expression: starting at position 34 (Int(5))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 40 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 40 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 40 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 42 (Ident(double))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (double)
parse_expression: starting at position 44 (Int(7))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 50 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 50 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 50 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 52 (Ident(add_ten))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (add_ten)
parse_expression: starting at position 54 (Int(15))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 60 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 60 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 60 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 62 (Ident(increment))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (increment)
parse_expression: starting at position 64 (Int(0))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsed 7 statements
```

# Result
```rust
Ok(
    Unit,
)
```

# Lex
```rust
Ok(
    [
        Token(Var),
        Token(Ident, "increment"),
        Token(Equal),
        Token(Pipe),
        Token(Ident, "x"),
        Token(Pipe),
        Token(Ident, "x"),
        Token(Plus),
        Token(Int, "1"),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Var),
        Token(Ident, "double"),
        Token(Equal),
        Token(Pipe),
        Token(Ident, "y"),
        Token(Pipe),
        Token(Ident, "y"),
        Token(Star),
        Token(Int, "2"),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Var),
        Token(Ident, "add_ten"),
        Token(Equal),
        Token(Pipe),
        Token(Ident, "z"),
        Token(Pipe),
        Token(Ident, "z"),
        Token(Plus),
        Token(Int, "10"),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "increment"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "5"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "6"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "double"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "7"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "14"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "add_ten"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "15"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "25"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "increment"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "0"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "1"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Eof),
    ],
)
```

# Parse
```rust
Ok(
    Program(
        [
            VarDecl {
                pattern: Variable(
                    "increment",
                ),
                value: Some(
                    Lambda {
                        params: [
                            "x",
                        ],
                        body: Expression(
                            Add(
                                Identifier(
                                    "x",
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        1,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    },
                ),
            },
            VarDecl {
                pattern: Variable(
                    "double",
                ),
                value: Some(
                    Lambda {
                        params: [
                            "y",
                        ],
                        body: Expression(
                            Mul(
                                Identifier(
                                    "y",
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        2,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    },
                ),
            },
            VarDecl {
                pattern: Variable(
                    "add_ten",
                ),
                value: Some(
                    Lambda {
                        params: [
                            "z",
                        ],
                        body: Expression(
                            Add(
                                Identifier(
                                    "z",
                                ),
                                Literal(
                                    Int(
                                        10,
                                    ),
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    },
                ),
            },
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "increment",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Int(
                                            5,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    6,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "double",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Int(
                                            7,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    14,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "add_ten",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Int(
                                            15,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    25,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "increment",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Int(
                                            0,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    1,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
        ],
    ),
)
```

# Eval
```rust
Ok(
    RustValue(
        EvalProgram {
            statements: [
                RustValue(
                    EvalDeclare {
                        name: "increment",
                        init_expr: Some(
                            RustValue(
                                EvalLambda {
                                    data: LambdaData {
                                        params: [
                                            "x",
                                        ],
                                        body: RustValue(
                                            EvalCall {
                                                func_expr: RustValue(
                                                    EvalGetAttr {
                                                        obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                            EvalVariable {
                                                                name: "x",
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                        attr_name: "op_add",
                                                    },
                                                ),
                                                args: [
                                                    RustValue(
                                                        EvalLiteral {
                                                            value: Int(
                                                                1,
                                                            ),
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                ],
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    },
                                },
                            ),
                        ),
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalDeclare {
                        name: "double",
                        init_expr: Some(
                            RustValue(
                                EvalLambda {
                                    data: LambdaData {
                                        params: [
                                            "y",
                                        ],
                                        body: RustValue(
                                            EvalCall {
                                                func_expr: RustValue(
                                                    EvalGetAttr {
                                                        obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                            EvalVariable {
                                                                name: "y",
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                        attr_name: "op_mul",
                                                    },
                                                ),
                                                args: [
                                                    RustValue(
                                                        EvalLiteral {
                                                            value: Int(
                                                                2,
                                                            ),
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                ],
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    },
                                },
                            ),
                        ),
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalDeclare {
                        name: "add_ten",
                        init_expr: Some(
                            RustValue(
                                EvalLambda {
                                    data: LambdaData {
                                        params: [
                                            "z",
                                        ],
                                        body: RustValue(
                                            EvalCall {
                                                func_expr: RustValue(
                                                    EvalGetAttr {
                                                        obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                            EvalVariable {
                                                                name: "z",
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                        attr_name: "op_add",
                                                    },
                                                ),
                                                args: [
                                                    RustValue(
                                                        EvalLiteral {
                                                            value: Int(
                                                                10,
                                                            ),
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                ],
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    },
                                },
                            ),
                        ),
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "increment",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    5,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    6,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "double",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    7,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    14,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "add_ten",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    15,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    25,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "increment",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    0,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    1,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
            ],
        },
    ),
)
```