# Program
Status: ðŸŸ¢
Assertions: 7

```rustleaf
assert(sqrt(4) == 2.0);
assert(abs(-5) == 5);
assert(floor(3.7) == 3);
assert(ceil(3.2) == 4);
assert(round(3.5) == 4);
assert(min(5, 3) == 3);
assert(max(5, 3) == 5);
```

# Output
```
parse_program: starting
parse_program: parsing statement at position 0 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 0 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 0 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 2 (Ident(sqrt))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (sqrt)
parse_expression: starting at position 4 (Int(4))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 10 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 10 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 10 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 12 (Ident(abs))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (abs)
parse_expression: starting at position 14 (Minus)
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 21 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 21 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 21 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 23 (Ident(floor))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (floor)
parse_expression: starting at position 25 (Float(3.7))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 31 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 31 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 31 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 33 (Ident(ceil))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (ceil)
parse_expression: starting at position 35 (Float(3.2))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 41 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 41 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 41 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 43 (Ident(round))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (round)
parse_expression: starting at position 45 (Float(3.5))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 51 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 51 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 51 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 53 (Ident(min))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (min)
parse_expression: starting at position 55 (Int(5))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: starting at position 57 (Int(3))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsing statement at position 63 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: starting at position 63 (Ident(assert))
parse_statement: falling back to expression statement
parse_expression: starting at position 63 (Ident(assert))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (assert)
parse_expression: starting at position 65 (Ident(max))
parse_primary: success - parsed identifier (max)
parse_expression: starting at position 67 (Int(5))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: starting at position 69 (Int(3))
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_primary: success - parsed numeric/string literal
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_expression: success - parsed precedence expression
parse_program: parsed 7 statements
```

# Result
```rust
Ok(
    Unit,
)
```

# Lex
```rust
Ok(
    [
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "sqrt"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "4"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Float, "2.0"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "abs"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Minus),
        Token(Int, "5"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "5"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "floor"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Float, "3.7"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "ceil"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Float, "3.2"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "4"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "round"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Float, "3.5"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "4"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "min"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "5"),
        Token(Comma),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Ident, "assert"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Ident, "max"),
        Token(LeftParen),
        Token(Int, "5"),
        Token(Comma),
        Token(Int, "3"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(EqualEqual),
        Token(Int, "5"),
        Token(RightParen),
        Token(Semicolon),
        Token(Eof),
    ],
)
```

# Parse
```rust
Ok(
    Program(
        [
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "sqrt",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Int(
                                            4,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Float(
                                    2.0,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "abs",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Neg(
                                        Literal(
                                            Int(
                                                5,
                                            ),
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    5,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "floor",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Float(
                                            3.7,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "ceil",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Float(
                                            3.2,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    4,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "round",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Float(
                                            3.5,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    4,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "min",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Int(
                                            5,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                    Literal(
                                        Int(
                                            3,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    3,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
            Expression(
                FunctionCall(
                    Identifier(
                        "assert",
                    ),
                    [
                        Eq(
                            FunctionCall(
                                Identifier(
                                    "max",
                                ),
                                [
                                    Literal(
                                        Int(
                                            5,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                    Literal(
                                        Int(
                                            3,
                                        ),
                                    ),
                                ],
                            ),
                            Literal(
                                Int(
                                    5,
                                ),
                            ),
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ),
        ],
    ),
)
```

# Eval
```rust
Ok(
    RustValue(
        EvalProgram {
            statements: [
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "sqrt",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    4,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Float(
                                                    2.0,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "abs",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalCall {
                                                                func_expr: RustValue(
                                                                    EvalGetAttr {
                                                                        obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                                value: Int(
                                                                                    5,
                                                                                ),
                                                                            },
                                                                        ),
                                                                        attr_name: "op_neg",
                                                                    },
                                                                ),
                                                                args: [],
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    5,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "floor",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Float(
                                                                    3.7,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    3,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "ceil",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Float(
                                                                    3.2,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    4,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "round",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Float(
                                                                    3.5,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    4,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "min",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    5,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    3,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    3,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
                RustValue(
                    EvalCall {
                        func_expr: RustValue(
                            EvalVariable {
                                name: "assert",
                            },
                        ),
                        args: [
                            RustValue(
                                EvalCall {
                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                        EvalGetAttr {
                                            obj_expr: RustValue(
                                                EvalCall {
                                                    func_expr: RustValue(
                                                        EvalVariable {
                                                            name: "max",
                                                        },
                                                    ),
                                                    args: [
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    5,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                        RustValue(
                                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                                value: Int(
                                                                    3,
                                                                ),
                                                            },
                                                        ),
                                                    ],
                                                },
                                            ),
                                            attr_name: "op_eq",
                                        },
                                    ),
                                    args: [
                                        RustValue(
                                            EvalLiteral {
                                                value: Int(
                                                    5,
                                                ),
                                            },
                                        ),
                                    ],
                                },
                            ),
                        ],
                    },
                ),
            ],
        },
    ),
)
```